Update TS docs for v0.17 release (#797)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/activities.md

const { greet } = proxyActivities<typeof activities>({
  startToCloseTimeout: '30s', // recommended
  scheduleToCloseTimeout: '5m', // useful

>   retryPolicy: {

Reviewer: This hasn't changed

### Activity Retry Policy

> You can set a `retry` policy with [RetryPolicy](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/worker.RetryPolicy) that define how activity is retried in case of failure.

Author: this doesnt show up in the generated docs yet but anticipating that it will be updated...

</details>

### Importing multiple Activities at once

> Activities are Promises and you may retrieve multiple Activities from the same `proxyActivities` call if you want them to share the same timeouts/retries/options:

Reviewer: What do you mean by Promises?

```ts
export async function Workflow(name: string): Promise<string> {
  // destructuring multiple activities with the same options
  const { act1, act2, act3 } =
    proxyActivities<typeof activities>(/* activityOptions */);
  await act1();
  await Promise.all([act2, act3]);
}
```

### Dynamically referencing Activities

Since, under the hood, Activities are only referenced by their string name, you can reference them dynamically if needed:

```js
export async function DynamicWorkflow(activityName, ...args) {
  const acts = proxyActivities(/* activityOptions */);

  // these are equivalent
  await acts.activity1();
  await acts['activity1']();

  // dynamic reference to activities using activityName
  let result = await acts[activityName](...args);
}
```

Type safety is still supported here, but you are encouraged to validate and handle mismatches in Activity names. An invalid Activity name will lead to a `NotFoundError` with a message that looks like:

```

> ApplicationFailure: Activity function fakeProgress is not registered on this Worker, available activities: ["fakeProgress"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ApplicationFailure: Activity function actC is not registered on this Worker, available activities: ["actA", "actB"]
```

<!--SNIPSTART typescript-activity-cancellable-fetch-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

## Advanced Features

These are Activity features that most users will not need, but are available for advanced users.
Please get in touch with us if you find the need for them.

### Async Activity Completion

Normally, an Activity is started and ended in the same Worker, for example a short HTTP call.
However, sometimes you may want to record an Activity completion in a different process than when you started it.

> If you are modeling human actions, we recommend using Signals rather than Async Activity Completion.

> > This is because Activities only have one timeout for the entire process and you won't know if the activity is timing out on a human or the process that kicks it off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is because Activities only have one timeout and if your Activity is split into two steps, one for kicking off the process (e.g. storing information in the DB), and one for human based resolution, it's best to use the timeout to detect failure in the former so it can be retried by the system.
```
